So
Israeli midfielder
deficiency signed contract with ruby ​​53
years at the time
rinat pieces only quickly
adapt to new for yourself
the situation you have to become one of the leaders
teams from the first days of stay barbars
Kazan it was rare to meet
one meet tomislav handed
four match hydro sanation
in tg
but having committed the murder was completely
restored and generally
we are the first world to make this pool
the Khimki squads are more than just
Levochkin
wards ready
but still that the water contract goes away
to go wherever possible
football nobody and not only rich
a deputy
Mikhalkov committee does not pass the ball
stanislav became an employee of cuba yet
before you chop by signing a contract for
light at the beginning of the tenth year after
the draw became known that
the team from Kazan meet with
Hapoel of Tel Aviv and Stanislav
just send a letter
a club that offered its services
as a translator he needs
there was one person language practice
who knows and knows how
after the fight by our project
because it does not work
the system in which the author went to
trade in vodka sport
estimated range
developers trail for 13 days
at first she worked the european league match
the side
then already when i bid only brother
fuel attempt
drone
idiocy rare enough pretty
difficult stanislav coachman him in israel
when after nine classes in school
went to this country to continue
your training
following the link
not only to get for half a year
ad in the paper
i read are selected
ninth grade graduates gave
continued school
when something that is just matters
we are going
selection and replacement
so it's being armed
the underground which was the subject
there were only three
city ​​name
food prices
so and popova edge
stanislav sorokin
elected 8 years and then I returned to Kazan
always lacked serbina believes that
is a fan of the Kazan club
dropped 2010 a lot has passed since then
time and stanislav terek
NTV hospital turned
employee ruby ​​which is different
quite an important component
fruitful work of the club
manual cut off
Who
to Europe besides rightfully took a position
its just ready will allow
because just nothing
for the team it is always important that
foreign football player rather
passed the clip for the price page
started in magas
to achieve new heights is not a secret that
which players and here and on the field
we really lived very much
support
can you tell what the Decembrists are always
spam is where the husband then travels according to calculations for
that he helped profile
Kazan really like
smiles
he could the carts rise
by the way he has when he speaks Russian
according to the chaotic parking it
does really say that sometimes
what
experts like a workaholic another
of those players who never
refuses to interview after the match the name of May
how important is to convey to
fans their words and experiences
but those moments stanislav always
next to him
the first time it happened that he
he touched both concerts on
Palace Pioneer Belarus
time to evade a lecture
Russian language exhibition
I don `t know how in that few people is
when are these really players
among themselves in the general group
answers as can be in his footsteps
nato plan this purchase of a share in which fell
to the head
criminal policy
their goods were a reason for who
Anna Popova
so then after
believe in the stadium
served the game with amkar
during the break
But all this is a question of what
besides that we are again
demonstrated borschagovka get
abroad
priests fans
no secret that the inscription
rehearsing the whole community
fans
for us is not easy notes edition
This is a moot point.
just tired when he
in the first dynamo of the pomors
so that angle
just services could talk stood
try the way ready to strip
forum submarine controversial boasted
fortune favors him very much
in the second half of the year all surguta for nothing
Robin is a big solid team
which speaks mostly on a mixture
Russian and English for example
physical training coach
Rogozin shares sometimes speak Russian and
understand each other well
Bespala shipyard coach who knows
English
it’s customary to say ruby ​​football players
that's the way he
among themselves in the village in this chapter frost
because someone else knows Russian
understand can precede can
so i don't understand
and that's how they remember
only eras to try new
products
we are not so easy with a translator
especially in most
ambitious team which
sets high goals
reach the heights
absolutely everything and parts of the Rubin machine
must work synchronously and without failures
trainers
and masseurs doctors administrators and
players and translators put on stretchers
such a huge number of people
said club sands mandatory but
rapidly out of our time